General documentation impovements (#358)
subquery/documentation: docs/quickstart/quickstart.md

- **Network**: The specific network that this SubQuery project will index. Use the arrow keys to select from the available options. For example, Polkadot, Avalanche, or any other supported network.
- **Template project**: Select a SubQuery template project that will provide a starting point in the development. We suggest selecting the _"subql-starter"_ project.

> - **RPC endpoint**: Provide an HTTPS URL to a running RPC endpoint, which will be used by default for this project. You can quickly access public endpoints for different networks, create your own private dedicated node using [OnFinality](https://app.onfinality.io), or just use the default endpoint. This RPC node must be an archive node (have the full chain state). We will use the default value for this guide. Based on the network you have chosen, the default value may be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RPC endpoint**: Provide an HTTP or websocket URL to a running RPC endpoint, which will be used by default for this project. You can quickly access public endpoints for different networks, create your own private dedicated node using [OnFinality](https://app.onfinality.io), or just use the default endpoint. This RPC node must have the entire state of the data that you wish to index, so we recommend an archive node. We will use the default value for this guide. Based on the network you have chosen, the default value may be:
```
